hi my name is cat and yesterday was a
very successful 10k Tuesday so first off
a quick thank you to everyone who
participated in my little writing party
on Twitter yesterday the power of peer
support does not get enough credit and
without you guys cheering me on and
encouraging me I really do not think I
could have accomplished what I did
yesterday so sincerely thank you and I
really hope that I was able to help you
in return moving on it is camp NaNoWriMo
day 24 and the goal today is 40,000
words holy crap we are really closing in
on the end now I wrote ten thousand
words yesterday actually I wrote more
than that I wrote eleven thousand four
hundred and fifty six words which is the
most i have ever written in one single
day my total current word count as of
this moment in time is 30 6667 which
means yes i am still over 3,000 words
behind but yeah this is my current graph
of the NaNoWriMo stats and as you can
see I didn't write for like a week in
there and I was really really far behind
until yesterday when I made a huge jump
forward but I'm still not caught up yet
but I will be caught up don't worry I am
so done with being far behind because
being that far behind felt really really
bad and not never again nope never again
though to be honest writing more than
10,000 words in a single day also felt
pretty bad I'm proud of myself for
pushing through and getting it done but
yesterday was pretty rough for me I did
word Sprint's all day from noon until
past midnight taking breaks in between
sprints and a couple of longer breaks
for like meals and to stand up and make
sure my legs still worked and stuff like
that but yeah I spent a lot of time
writing yesterday I did I think a total
of fourteen writing sprints most of
which were 20 minutes though there were
a couple that were like 10 minutes in a
couple that were 30 minutes but yeah 14
20 minute writing sprints that's a lot
of writing
certainly not happy with the quality of
my words but the quantity is definitely
there and that is really what NaNoWriMo
is all about my words are bad like
really really really bad what I wrote
yesterday is like a step below rough
draft but it's there and that's what's
important I have this whole new chunk of
words it's like a fifth of the story
even though I'm not really pleased with
the quality and I definitely will not be
attempting 10k tuesday anytime soon i am
still very very happy that I did it and
I'm especially happy that it's done
there are some things in life where it's
like if you're not gonna do it right the
first time don't do it at all but
writing a novel is not one of those
things no one can write a perfect book
the first time no one it's not possible
books are written in layers and the
first draft is usually messy and
terrible but that's just layer one and
with every new layer you build upon that
it gets better and better you can
improve and fix a messy draft but you
can't improve nothing you need that
first messy draft and then you can build
on that now my ultimate goal is
publication and I'm sure that many of
you also share that goal and I've said
this before but the very first step to
publication is completing the first
draft of your novel and that is what
nanowrimo is about nanowrimo is not
about getting published at all when
writing that first draft publishing
should be nowhere in your mind or at
least if it's in your mind it should be
in like some back little corner locked
up and gagged because when drafting you
definitely do not need thoughts like
this never gonna get published that
just that's not helpful when drafting
your goal is a complete draft not
publication so it's important to
remember that and to kind of narrow your
focus on that don't look at the big
picture look at what's immediately in
front of you we are officially in the
last week of nanowrimo now but no matter
how much time we have left or how much
time has passed it is never too late to
give a good effort
don't worry about how far behind you are
and don't worry about how much work you
still have ahead of you just sit down
and focus on the task at hand which is
writing your little heart out and
completing that first draft anyways that
is everything I had to talk about for
this video today so thank you very much
for watching it I hope you enjoyed it I
hope you have a lovely night and I will
have another video up soon so i will see
you then goodbye